Runtime warning docs (#364)
lit/lit.dev: packages/lit-dev-content/site/docs/tools/development.md

};
```

### Development build runtime warnings

The development builds of ReactiveElement and LitElement support extra runtime warnings that can help identify issues that would be costly to check for in production builds.

There is an API to enable and disable some warnings, based on the kind of warning. There are two warning kinds that can be enabled and disable currently:

> * `'migration'`: warnings related to migration from LitElement 2.x
> * `'change-in-update'`: warnings related to changing reactive state during an update

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `'migration'`. Warnings related to migration from LitElement 2.x. Off by default.
* `'change-in-update'`. Warnings related to changing reactive state during an update. On by default.
```

The methods to control warnings are `ReactiveElement.disableWarning()` and `ReactiveElement.enableWarning()`. You can call them on any subclass of ReactiveElement, including LitElement and your own classes, and the warnings will be enabled or disabled for only those classes. For instance, you can disable warnings on all ReactiveElement classes, all LitElement classes, or only specific LitElement subclasses.

> These methods are only available in development builds, so be sure to guard their access. We reccomend using optional chaining.

Reviewer 2: nitpick - typo
```suggestion
These methods are only available in development builds, so be sure to guard their access. We recommend using optional chaining.
```

Examples:
```ts
import {LitElement, ReactiveElement} from 'lit';

> // Disable migration warnings on all ReactiveElements,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Turn off migration warnings on all ReactiveElements,
```

// including LitElements

> ReactiveElement.disableWarning.?('migration');

Reviewer 2: typo - optional chaining call
```suggestion
ReactiveElement.disableWarning?.('migration');
```

> // Disable update warnings on all LitElements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Turn off update warnings on all LitElements
```

> LitElement.disableWarning.?('change-in-update');

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
LitElement.disableWarning?.('change-in-update');
```

> // Disable update warnings on one element

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Turn off update warnings on one element
```

> MyElement.disableWarning.?('change-in-update');

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
MyElement.disableWarning?.('change-in-update');
```

```

> You can also control warnings within a single class with the `static enabledWarnings`:

Reviewer: Not 100% sure this is sounds good but the previous one isn't grammatical. (Also not sure whether having another way to do this really adds much utility.)

```suggestion
You can also control warnings within a single class by defining a `static enabledWarnings` property:
```

};
```

### Development build runtime warnings

The development builds of `ReactiveElement` and `LitElement` support extra runtime warnings that can help identify issues that would be costly to check for in production builds.

Some warnings are always displayed.  There are also two categories of _optional warnings_ that can be turned on or off:

> :

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Double colon here.
